docs: document cluster name enrichment (#2324)
kyma-project/telemetry-manager: docs/user/gateways.md

  3. Deployment/DaemonSet/StatefulSet/Job name
  4. Pod name
  5. If none of the above is available, the value is `unknown_service`

> - `k8s.pod.name`: The kubernetes pod name of the pod which emmitted the data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `k8s.pod.name`: The Kubernetes Pod name of the Pod that emitted the data
```

> - `k8s.pod.uid`: The kubernetes pod id of the pod which emmitted the data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `k8s.pod.uid`: The Kubernetes Pod id of the Pod that emitted the data
```

> - `k8s.<workload kind>.name`: The kubernetes workload name where the emmitting pod belongs to. Workload is either Deployment, DaemonSet, StatefulSet, Job or CronJob

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `k8s.<workload kind>.name`: The Kubernetes workload name to which the emitting Pod belongs. Workload is either Deployment, DaemonSet, StatefulSet, Job or CronJob
```

> - `k8s.namespace.name`: The kubernetes namespace name where the emmitting pod is associated with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `k8s.namespace.name`: The Kubernetes namespace name with which the emitting Pod is associated
```

> - `k8s.cluster.name`: A logical identifer of the cluster which by default is the API Server URL. Users can set a custom name by configuring the `enrichments.cluster.name` field in the [Telemetry CRD](resources/01-telemetry.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `k8s.cluster.name`: A logical identifier of the cluster, which, by default, is the API Server URL. Users can set a custom name by configuring the `enrichments.cluster.name` field in the [Telemetry CRD](resources/01-telemetry.md)
```

- `k8s.cluster.uid`: A unique identifier of the cluster, realized by the UID of the "kube-system" namespace

> - `k8s.node.name`: The kubernetes node name where the emmitting pod is scheduled to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `k8s.node.name`: The Kubernetes node name to which the emitting Pod is scheduled.
```
I'm not quite sure what this sentence means

  - Deployment/DaemonSet/StatefulSet/Job name
  - Namespace
  - Cluster name

>   - Cluster UID

Reviewer 2: Obsolete, please check my new proposal
